{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Jevin Maltais\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Starting at age 13, I\u8217've been a serial entrepreneur building new businesses. I have managed remote teams of up to 12 engineers, designers and product managers in diverse industry sectors. While designing innovative products for clients, I\u8217've learned how to be a lean and proficient \u8216'trial by fire\u8217' product manager, facilitating efficient coordination among all team members.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217'm competent in leading product teams, engineering teams or applied data science teams.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217'm currently based in Ottawa, Canada, and interested exclusively in remote positions (with some travel).\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2002-2007\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b B.Eng Systems Engineering} Carleton University (Ottawa)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Professional Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 02/18-01/19\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Triage.com: CTO and Director of Product Engineering:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Stepping into a CTO role to fill a 5 month vacuum in technical/product leadership, I encountered a ton of tech, management and emotional baggage to work through with the team. I took over all product management and technical architecture for the company:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built the first publicly available, Deep Learning skin classifier app for over 124 dermatological conditions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Lead the technical FDA submission documentation and internal compliance process.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Lead the product redesign of our internal data exploration and data analysis tool on over 2 TB of images in our data storage.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked with the data management team to stop doing manual labelling of data. Coached the team to build Mechanical Turk tasks, recruited a team of 20 dermatologists to classify skin conditions in images and a team of General Practitioners to help build our symptom checker database.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Restored collaboration between the data management and data science teams. We worked to isolate problem areas and come up with more functional systems. They are now working nearly as as single team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab To clarify its priorities and direction, I transitioned the entire company from Github issues to Clubhouse, resulting in positive design decisions and tangible feedback that it produced new momentum for the company.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Set up and implemented the core company KPIs in Metabase, where they were posted to Slack on a daily/weekly basis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Immediately implemented bi-weekly one on ones with everybody on my team to coach individuals through their technical and professional challenges and found external counselling and mentorship as needed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Hired 2 engineers and 3 devops consultants in my first 2 months.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Conducted team video training sessions on effective use of our tech tools. This improved communication and boosted the quality of product development.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implemented a career ladder for the data science and software engineering teams, resulting in concrete plans to set expectations and manage performance, growth and retention strategies.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 All this was accomplished as several team members and I worked remotely. The team includes 6 Data Scientists, 4 Engineers and 3 Data Managers working with:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Keras\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Virtualization: Docker/Kubernetes in Debian Linux\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab React\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Ruby on Rails\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 09/17 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Willowbee.ca - Product Manager, Technical Manager, and Marketing. Founder}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Along with a lawyer friend, I designed the most advanced Canadian Will and Testament builder. We are currently offering the wills for free and working on generating leads for life insurance companies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Progressed from idea to production in 3 months of part-time work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built over 400 wills in the first two days using only social media advertising.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built another product to help lawyers incorporate businesses and quickly build their minute books. It has been adopted by several law firms.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Technologies used:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Virtualization: Docker/Kubernetes in Debian Linux\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Ruby on Rails\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 02/16-05/17\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Aerial.ai - VP Product, Co-founder}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Sold $100k of business deals in the first 6 months with some of the world\u8217's largest OEMs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed a product strategy for both the intrusion detection and eldercare markets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Discovered \u8216'low hanging fruit\u8217' for generating early revenue in my first month.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Sourced and implemented ideal partnerships with researchers from across Canada to develop our first elder care product for the aging population.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Presented at Demo Day in June 2016 to an audience of 800 and was voted \u8216'Best Pitch\u8217' by a Montreal newspaper. Video here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT4HGPHEl94"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT4HGPHEl94
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 08/15-01/16\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bus.com - Head of Product}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Responsible for business model experimentation, all technology UX, analytics, user research, feature design and prioritization:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed a quick and easy web form for supplier submissions, that proved crucial to understanding the data we needed to collect.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Collaborated with event organizer, operations, and sales to develop the first iteration of our \u8220"self-serve bus organizer tool\u8221".\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Used Mixpanel analytics, feedback from Intercom and interviews with internal stakeholders to augment the UX and feature set of version 2 of the \u8220"self serve bus organizer tool\u8221".\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 06/10 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Boomlabs.ai - President}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 A unique consultancy that not only builds the machine learning model for a problem, but builds the entire product from end to end. Accomplishments include:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed a chatbot to give auto insurance quotes directly from the insurer, which was a \u8216'first\u8217' in Canada.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed a predictive model to allow a day trading company to make market predictions based on its specific style of trading.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built 15 products in the first five years for various clients, in each case releasing the first production-ready version two weeks from the start of development.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implemented virtualization using Google Cloud and Digital Ocean\u8217's infrastructures. We use Docker Compose and Kubernetes with Debian Linux.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built initial product designs in Invision and Marvel, usually in under two days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Recruited a team of 7 Engineers and developers and 2 Designers. Two of these professionals have come along with me to other companies and client projects.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Maintaining a high code quality through continuous integration and regular deployment using Circle CI and Docker images.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 05/07 - 06/10\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer - Government of Canada}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked on the development of high performance kernel optimizations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implemented source control for a team of 8 and an automated workflow to build and manage these kernel patches.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Sourced world class kernel experts to build Linux drivers and firmware for our proprietary hardware.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Other Contributions and Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Lean Startup Circle Montreal}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Founder of the largest Lean Startup communities in the province of Quebec.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Built in a Day Podcast}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Co-host of a podcast callers turn to for help \u8216'de-risking\u8217' their business ideas. Reflects my passion for building scrappy products to test the market. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.builtinadaypodcast.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
builtinadaypodcast.com
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Home Routes Ottawa}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Volunteer host of concerts in our home featuring artists from all across North America.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Brazillian Jiu Jitsu Kids Coach}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Assistant coach of the BJJ class in our local gym.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jevin@quickjack.ca"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
jevin@quickjack.ca
}}}
 \u8226? +1 (438) 880-5389 20 Appleford St., Ottawa, Ontario, K1J 6T9, Canada\par}
}
